Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will create our model class for purchase item, it will be our last
model class.
Actually, it is not a model class on the backhands.
We have described it as a projection class based on the client side.
We can consider it as a model class because we will get it as a HTP response so we can use it as a structured
model class.
Now I could either purchase it model class under the models folder, so it will be a TypeScript Phi.
Oil exported as it purchased item class.
And here I simply want to define how it should look like I do this by adding purchased item Fields First
Field is the title and type of it should be sitting initial value.
It can be blank.
The second one is the price and the type of it should be.
And no initial value can be zero.
Last field will be a purchased time and the type of it should be a date, I can initialize it as a new
date.
We don't need to describe a constructor for it because we will use it only to display the data.
So what I did here is basically create the types of class with three properties and I initialize them
with some initial values.
OK, that's all about the purchase item, model class.
Thank you.